two.Object|java.lang.Object|false| -> true
two.Object|java.lang.Object|true| -> true
two.Object|two.BaseInterface|false| -> false
two.Object|two.BaseInterface|true| -> false
two.ObjectWithInterface|two.BaseInterface|false| -> true
two.ObjectWithInterface|two.BaseInterface|true| -> true
two.ObjectWithInterface|java.lang.Object|false| -> true
two.ObjectWithInterface|java.lang.Object|true| -> true
two.ObjectWithClassAndInterface|java.lang.Object|false| -> false
two.ObjectWithClassAndInterface|java.lang.Object|true| -> true
two.ObjectWithClassAndInterface|two.NonBaseClass|false| -> true
two.ObjectWithClassAndInterface|two.NonBaseClass|true| -> true
two.ObjectWithClassAndInterface|two.NonBaseInterface|false| -> true
two.ObjectWithClassAndInterface|two.NonBaseInterface|true| -> true
two.ObjectWithClassAndJavaInterface|java.lang.Object|false| -> false
two.ObjectWithClassAndJavaInterface|java.lang.Object|true| -> true
two.ObjectWithClassAndJavaInterface|two.NonBaseClass|false| -> true
two.ObjectWithClassAndJavaInterface|two.NonBaseClass|true| -> true
two.ObjectWithClassAndJavaInterface|two.NonBaseInterface|false| -> false
two.ObjectWithClassAndJavaInterface|two.NonBaseInterface|true| -> false
two.ObjectWithClassAndJavaInterface|java.lang.Runnable|false| -> true
two.ObjectWithClassAndJavaInterface|java.lang.Runnable|true| -> true
